feat(chart): add default-nvme-tcp-nr-io-queues setting docs for v1.13.0 and v1.12.2 (#1424)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.13.0/references/settings.md

For more details, see [Manager URL for External API Access](../../important-notes/#manager-url-for-external-api-access).

#### Default NVMe-TCP Number Of IO Queues

> Default: `{"v2":"0"}`

> The default number of I/O queues the kernel initiator creates when connecting a volume frontend over NVMe-TCP. This caps the per-volume in-flight commands to the number of I/O queues multiplied by the negotiated queue size (128). This setting applies to volumes using the V2 Data Engine with the block device frontend and takes effect on (re)attach. The value can be overridden per volume using volume.spec.nvmeTcpNrIoQueues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting defines the default number of I/O queues the kernel initiator creates when connecting a volume frontend over NVMe-TCP. It caps the in-flight commands per volume to the number of I/O queues multiplied by the negotiated queue size (128). This applies to volumes using the V2 Data Engine with the block device frontend, and changes take effect upon volume attachment or reattachment. You can override this value on a per-volume basis using `volume.spec.nvmeTcpNrIoQueues`.
```
